
# Well being Check
#### Prototype Video Demo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKnEj-UnVUo
#### Certificate :)  https://certificates.cs50.io/46b6d8b5-1ce1-4121-8f30-b2060cd3acd1.pdf?size=letter
#### uses django survey https://github.com/irfanpule/django-form-surveys
#### Description:
This is a well-being check, a website that collects data from university students with the hope of creating a safe and prosperous environment on campus. At first, during my brainstorming phase,  I tried to answer this question that Harvard cs50 gave: What will my software do? What features will it have? How will it be executed? My vision is a website that collects data from students of the university, collects it, analyzes it, and has data that can be presented and can be used to create events, activities, amend the existing system, for a better education system. What new skills will I need to acquire? What topics will I need to research? As for this, I am looking for a language that is used by industry so that I can create a website that is made of that and have an experience on it. The topics I need to research is how can I make a login that only allows selected individuals, create a survey that could be seen, automatically analyze the data, and output that to the viewers.the last question is that, In the world of software, most everything takes longer to implement than you expect. And so it’s not uncommon to accomplish less in a fixed amount of time than you hope. What might I consider to be a good outcome for my project? A better outcome? The best outcome? The good outcome for me is the only selected people or only the students and faculty from the university could only answer to the survey, with a minimal css, and ofcourse the survey they could answer. The a better outcome is improved css, and a graph or data analytic page that hold large amount of data probably 20k?, the best outcome is probably making it always live, a instant curated feedback or advice to individual based on what they answer on survey, a chat support, a decent css, a pretty data analysis chart, a custom profile for every faculty/student, a way to see the school events, and happenings only.

The website that I currently did or submitted in the CS50 final project is probably a  good outcome. I use the django web framework as I searched that it is used by popular websites such as instagram, pinterest and such, so I tried and used it as my framework. At first I was anxious about using it because I don't know a lot of stuff, however reading the tutorials and docs surrounding it makes it much less harder to understand. I used ai or chat gpt to troubleshoot things I couldn't understand at that given moment. It makes me understand things faster than searching for  a thousand pages online. I understand django as a framework that has rules to follow to make things flow smoothly. I realized that framework really helps in recreating the mundane steps in web development and focus on new ideas and such’s. As I did that, I wondered how I could use my only school email address so only with that email address could I enter. By researching i realize its a google email so i use the Google Authenticator or the Oauth 2.0. This is my first time encountering APIS. I think,but then I used that, I looked for ways to use it and found a tutorial on Youtube which is great.  Then I used a django survey to create a survey form. 

Looking at my files, you could see a cvsu_mh, that's where the admin stuffs happened,  it is generated by django-admin startproject command, you could see the secret key which is didn't put in the github pages because for obvious reason, the INSTALLED_APPS serves what apps my websites allowed to use, the django.””,”” is built it, the accounts survey users, are the one that i made, the allauth are the files that google needs for authentication. And the djf_surveys, is for the django surveys, LOGIN_REDIRECT_URL = '/survey/' and so forth, those are must have for Oautht, after loging it it will go to survey, and logout to main page, the SOCIALACCOUNT_PROVIDERS, is for google, to say that collect the profile. Moving out you could see static, where the pictures lies, the staticfiles is where could you see the statiffiles in djf survey, the survey file, is the first attempt in creating one, the templates is copy to see what and how the google use templates, the users, are well the users data bases, you could see inside the users/template is the html i used for the main page. The file that is missing here is the db.sqlite3, which i didn't put because of probably privacy concerns, it is a place that stores the admin, and the users





